How does the internet work?
-----------------------------
    The internet is comprised of networks communicating with each other. The interesting thing I learned this unit is what makes a network.
I had no idea that a network was just two or more computers being connected. As soon as I learned that it clicked in my head. Each computer within
a specific network needs to communcate with eachother so they can achieve the goals of the users.

    These localized netoworks of a few computers can't reach very far geographically. That is where routers and modems come in. A router is basically
a command center, or a train station where each computer can enter and be connected to another computer within that routers radius. But theres 
still limitations to what a single router can do, so what do we do? We connect routers to routers allowing more and more networks to communicate 
with eachother! 
------------------------------
What happens when you click on a link?
------------------------------
    When you click on a link it initializes a get request to the server you are trying to reach. After that click a few things happen, it searches
for the IP address that is connected to that domain name. That IP address is the specific id and port of the public website you're trying to
reach. After the IP address is received, the html is sent to your browser and it starts to process it. HTML processes and runs asynchronously,
which means that the code starts at the same time and each item finishes at a different time. Kind of like a footrace, everyone starts at the
same time, but everyone finishes at different times.

    Inside the HTML it is reaching the CSS files and the JavaScript files that are connected to it. All of this so the website will produce the 
style and interactivity of the designer. Otherwise, it would look much like this page, of just words on a screen, pretty boring. However, it is
very neccessary for a website to have the skeletal frame of just words on a screen! Otherwise it would just be shapes and colors. After all of
the HTML, CSS, and JavaScript is done processing, the page renders and we are able to enjoy the websites we want to enjoy!   
